what's up people
doing you guys in our video so yeah
let's talk about who would win in a
fight between then is Swift Garcia vs.
Marcus Chino Maidana now this is another
fight that a lot of people would love to
see in the future and I think will
definitely satisfy either in 2014
sometime in 2014 or sometime in 2015 but
we're definitely going to be seeing this
fight and a part of the reason why I
think we're definitely seeing these
fights because both fighters are under
Golden Boy Promotions and both fighters
are all human fighters so we're
definitely kind of seeing this fight in
the future and yeah this is a great
fight man this is a great fight Danny
Garcia from time to time and time again
he's proving me wrong Marcos Maidana man
this is a tough this fights tough fight
to call and if this fight were to take
place its most likely taking place at
147 pounds and I'm going with Danny
Garcia I just think that he's the
tougher smarter stronger fighter I mean
Marcos Maidana I mean when it comes to
power
um maybe I would tip towards Marcos
Maidana but I think Danny Garcia has one
hell of a chin man I think his chin is
better than Marcos Maidana is I mean I
know my Chris my dad has a tough fighter
and all but I think Danny Garcia has a
great chin and I think he's I think he
can take Marcus my dance punches and
with Danny Garcia being the smarter
fighter man I really did underestimate
his countering abilities and his boxing
abilities before the mateesah fight but
now I believe him and I believe in Danny
Garcia and I feel like he will beat
Marcos Maidana and then maybe maybe it
could be close in a close fight and
competitive fight but I think he will
beat Marcos Maidana but it's a fight
that I would love to see I think it
would be a great entertaining fight and
how
fully we get to see it in the future but
like I said very definitely I'll be
saying this fight I would love to see
this fight as soon as possible as soon
as I Danny Garcia moves up in weight to
147 pounds maybe fight 1:1 like maybe do
it like a 1 fight that 147 and wind out
fight and then maybe fight my Christina
for the title I mean that would be a
great fight in my opinion but let me
know your thoughts in the comment
section below what do you guys think and
and by the way the promotional stuff for
this fight would be a great thing to I
mean with angel Garcia and everything I
know I know Chino Maidana doesn't really
talk shit that much but angel Garcia
will make this fight very interesting he
will hype up the fans and all that stuff
so it would be a great fight let me know
your thoughts in the comment section
below thanks for watching like oh it's a
great day
alright thanks